[KOGITO-5215] Guide to setting up 3rd party servers (#903)
apache/incubator-kie-kogito-operator: docs/SETTING_UP_INFRA.md

# Setting up 3rd Party Infrastructure
As of [KOGITO-4199](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/KOGITO-4199), 
the operator no longer sets up 3rd party infrastructure as 
to decouple the Kogito operator functionality from other 
operators as well as allowing the user to setup the 3rd 
party infrastructure more to their needs. As such, there is 
now the onus on the user to setup the 3rd party 
infrastructure, and this document is meant to help guide the 
user to do so.

# Infinispan
## Installing Operator

> Currently, Kogito only supports running with Infinispan 11. 

Reviewer: For release 1.8.0 we will support Infinispan 12.

Reviewer 2: will support 1.8, or will only support 1.8+?

Reviewer 3: I think we need to add @sutaakar Matrix in here. Maybe a link. The Compatibility Matrix should be updated every release and it's now in the main README file. Should be in a separate file or have a direct link to it (a session header will do).

As such, the [Infinispan operator 2.0](https://infinispan.org/docs/infinispan-operator/2.0.x/operator.html) 
must be installed.

### minikube
The instructions for installing Infinispan operator 2.0 on 
minikube can be found on [OperatorHub](https://operatorhub.io/operator/infinispan/2.0.x/infinispan-operator.v2.0.6).

*Note*: The provided YAML in step 2 will install the 
operator into the namespace `my-infinispan`, and it will 
only be usable from there. To change this namespace,
you should download the YAML and fill in your desired 
namespace like in the following YAML:
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: [desired namespace]
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: operatorgroup
  namespace: [desired namespace]
spec:
  targetNamespaces:
  - [desired namespace]
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: my-infinispan
  namespace: [desired namespace]
spec:
  channel: 2.0.x
  name: infinispan
  source: operatorhubio-catalog

>   sourceNamespace: olm

Reviewer: Just a note, it is expected that user has OLM installed, in this case it is also expected that the OLM is installed in `olm` namespace. May be good to mention it as a prerequisite.

Reviewer 2: +1 to mention that OLM Is required to do it otherwise, maybe add the link on how get the operator installed without olm?

```

Once the operator is installed, you should see a pod named 
`infinispan-operator-*` in your namespace. 

## Setting Up Infinispan Server for Kogito

> Kogito requires an Infinispan server named `kogito-infinispan` in the same namespace of the Kogito application. 

Reviewer: The Infinispan server can have any name, AFAIK the `kogito-infinispan` is used just an example in examples. So maybe something like:
```suggestion
If KogitoInfra is used then Kogito requires an Infinispan server in the same namespace as the Kogito application is located. In the examples there is suaully used name `kogito-infinispan` as Infinispan server name.
```
